Believe in yourself and all that you are.
Every day is a second chance.
Strive not to be a success, but rather to be of value.
The only limit to our realization of tomorrow is our doubts of today.
Dream big and dare to fail.
Don’t wait. The time will never be just right.
The harder you work for something, the greater you’ll feel when you achieve it.
Push yourself, because no one else is going to do it for you.
Sometimes we’re tested not to show our weaknesses, but to discover our strengths.
Great things never come from comfort zones.
Success doesn’t just find you. You have to go out and get it.
The secret of getting ahead is getting started.
It's going to be hard, but hard does not mean impossible.
Don't limit your challenges. Challenge your limits.
The future depends on what you do today.
Act as if what you do makes a difference. It does.
Success is not how high you have climbed, but how you make a positive difference to the world.
Your time is limited, don’t waste it living someone else’s life.
Everything you’ve ever wanted is on the other side of fear.
Start where you are. Use what you have. Do what you can.
Do something today that your future self will thank you for.
The way to get started is to quit talking and begin doing.
Perseverance is not a long race; it is many short races one after the other.
You are stronger than you think.
Don’t let yesterday take up too much of today.
The only way to do great work is to love what you do.
Doubt kills more dreams than failure ever will.
You don’t have to be great to start, but you have to start to be great.
Everything you can imagine is real.
Make each day your masterpiece.
You miss 100% of the shots you don’t take.
If you want to achieve greatness stop asking for permission.
Opportunities don’t happen. You create them.
Hard work beats talent when talent doesn’t work hard.
Do what you can with all you have, wherever you are.
Little things make big days.
Either you run the day, or the day runs you.
Go the extra mile. It’s never crowded.
Work hard in silence. Let success make the noise.
Discipline is doing what needs to be done, even if you don’t want to do it.
Your limitation—it’s only your imagination.
Success usually comes to those who are too busy to be looking for it.
Keep going. Everything you need will come to you.
If you believe it will work out, you’ll see opportunities.
Failure is not the opposite of success; it’s part of success.
Winners are not afraid of losing. But losers are.
You are capable of amazing things.
Stay positive, work hard, make it happen.
Don’t count the days, make the days count.
If you can dream it, you can do it.
Turn your wounds into wisdom.
Believe you can and you’re halfway there.
Failure is not falling down but refusing to get up.
The comeback is always stronger than the setback.
Be yourself; everyone else is already taken.
Hustle until your haters ask if you’re hiring.
Be so good they can’t ignore you.
If you want to lift yourself up, lift up someone else.
Stay away from those people who try to disparage your ambitions.
Act the way you’d like to be and soon you’ll be the way you act.
Success is walking from failure to failure with no loss of enthusiasm.
Success is the sum of small efforts repeated day in and day out.
A year from now you may wish you had started today.
Whatever you are, be a good one.
Never give up on a dream just because of the time it will take to accomplish it.
Opportunities are usually disguised as hard work, so most people don’t recognize them.
If you’re going through hell, keep going.
Success is how high you bounce when you hit bottom.
Only I can change my life. No one can do it for me.
You can never cross the ocean until you have the courage to lose sight of the shore.
There is no traffic jam along the extra mile.
Be the change that you wish to see in the world.
A winner is a dreamer who never gives up.
Success is not final, failure is not fatal: It is the courage to continue that counts.
You were born to be real, not to be perfect.
No pressure, no diamonds.
Fortune favors the brave.
Do what is right, not what is easy.
Don’t wish for it. Work for it.
Be a voice. Not an echo.
You are your only limit.
What’s coming is better than what’s gone.
Be fearless in the pursuit of what sets your soul on fire.
Don’t stop until you’re proud.
Be patient. Everything comes to you at the right moment.
Believe in the person you want to become.
Be the reason someone believes in the goodness of people.
You have to fight through some bad days to earn the best days of your life.
Always remember that your present situation is not your final destination.
The key to success is to start before you’re ready.
Be stronger than your excuses.
Success starts with self-discipline.
The difference between ordinary and extraordinary is that little extra.
Success is not in what you have, but who you are.
Let your dreams be bigger than your fears.
Success doesn’t come from what you do occasionally, it comes from what you do consistently.
To live a creative life, we must lose our fear of being wrong.
Success is getting what you want. Happiness is wanting what you get.
A goal without a plan is just a wish.
Make today so awesome that yesterday gets jealous.
